Mariana you hear the beat of fear within
you here that will rise to a shattering
crescendo of terror you have strayed
into a world of evil where frightened
people are held in the grip of unearthly
horror beware of piggy for the handsome
prisoner in the castle Meister
beware of love or in your heart is only
the pulsating frog of terror
starring Peter Cushing as they doctor
locked in mortal combat with
overwhelming evil
also starring Freda Jackson as Greta who
served the vampires with insane loyalty
Lin be afraid she's dead
Martita hunt the Baroness victim of her
own son
beautifully found more lore Francis
latest sex kitten as Marianne whose
beauty was her passport to the Twilight
world of the undead
David feel as the barren blindingly
handsome yet his kiss transformed the
most beautiful girls into monsters